%%%%MexicanSpaceProgram%%%%
OH GOD.  Highlander.  Why does everything you arseholes do have to remind me of another horrible story?

Also, I like the Highlander movies for sheer stupidity.  I mean, really, if you're an immortal, set up your camp on holy ground with a zillion, gassed up, running diamond-bit chainsaws at your disposal.  Think Evil Dead meets Princess Bride.

"So, Highlander!  I will take your head!  Grab your sword!  Defend yourself!"

*Vrooom-wakkka-wakka-wakka....wrahhhrrrrr crunch crunch wrrrhoom splat.*
Well, presumably you do if you've followed the thing thus far.

Unless you're an American, and you meant something else entirely, in which case I completely understand and urge you to enter politics.
I have to ask - is "piss midget" a Dylan Moran reference?  If so, you have my respect.

Also, nobody fucking likes painting.  It's not the painting itself that's the problem, it's all the bullshit and arguing and patching and sanding and dealing with Bunnings that shit people (rightfully) up the wall).
>chinesium.

I'm stealing that.  Never even occurred to me that you could have a periodic table based on nationalities and traits, e.g.:

- Swissanium - an incredibly valuable, rare, and tax-exempt mineral extracted from the teeth of Holocaust victims.

- Shirtlifterite - a highly ductile metal.  Bends at room temperature.  Highly flammable.

- Commonsensium - like fools gold, a lot of people think they have strong deposits of it, but it is in fact much scarcer.

- Competenium.  An extraordinarily rare element, almost as hard to find as Commonsensium.

- Americanium.  A very dense compound.  Incredibly dense.  It makes lead look like tissue paper.  I cannot emphasise enough how incredibly dense it is.

- Cuntonium.  Only found in Australia, transmutable into a variety of uses.  Much more useful and less dense than Americanium.

- Bludgerite.  Leeches valuable minerals from surrounding deposits.  Bludgerite makes up 100% of the composition of my to-be brother in law.

- Germanium.  Causes hysteria and hair loss.  Half life of 1,000 years.

- Jewdrogen.  Stores all available resources, expends minimal chemical energy in acquiring neighbouring deposits.  Requires expert removal by a contractor married to a friend of the family.

- Darkangelum.  By-product of Shirtlifterite, but much more concentrated.  Often found as a contaminant in the drinking water of PC arseholes.  It is a known solvent for cleaning British factory floors, huffing, and burning holes in public lavatory walls.

- Bargearsium.  Incredibly porous and permeable, though with a correspondingly incredible atomic weight.
Totally unrelated and no reflection on you, but every time I see your username, all I can hear in my head is "there can be only one!".
Ah, but how else am I supposed to have my cake and eat it too?
The scary thing is "peers", when you look at the fact that there's people that *didn't* make the cut to get on Jerry Springer.

I mean, look at how dumb your average person is - they think angels are real, NASCAR is awesome, pro-wrestling is real sport, and that pickup trucks should have steel bull testicles hanging off the tow hitch.

Then, realise that's an *average*, and that by default, 50% of people are even dumber than that.
We argued about repainting the house, so I wrote a 5,000 word rant about it.
Cheers, mate.
Sleeping pills - over the counter for occasional, prescription if it's an ongoing problem.
%%%%unclefisty%%%%
/r/mildlypenis 
You know what's fucking hilarious about that statement about weaker permit requirements? Michigan recognizes the resident carry permits of every state. So guess what, they already can carry in Kalamazoo.

Idiot doesn't even know state law.
Conveniently many laws that fuck over poor people also fuck over black people at an above average rate. So you can be racist and classist at the same time!
It's the ninth circuit, they love them some gun control.
I've seen way too much stupid in life to believe that.
It may have something to do with the expectations of college students and salarymen in general. But I dont know really.
Politicians don't like to give up power.
If you are in the US the internet is not where near considered a utility. Also even if she is not on the lease she still has legal protections with regards to eviction.

Find out whatever the laws are for your area about eviction and follow them to the letter. Even the stupidest of people can suddenly become smart once they learn they can fuck you in court.
No no I think your original is correct too. Enough slipped discs and hernias to prove that.
All pvc has a pressure limit printed on it regardless of use. But you are for sure correct that is not providing any shielding.
%%%%Stratisphear%%%%
That's a very real ethical argument, because I don't think the average Stormtrooper was fully aware of the Empire's actions. Hell, Luke wanted to join the Academy.
He missed a really important one though.
Actually the clones did most of that. He just managed to kill the children. But even that was a close one. Dude was not a good fighter.
Is Kenobi a good guy though? He tracks down a guy's son and manipulates him to turn him into an assassin to kill his own father and engage in a terrorist plot that kills thousands of government employees.
Honestly, I know I would. You could hold out for a while, but it just takes one moment of anger or desperation or hate, and you'd slip. And then again, but it would be easier, and easier, until one day you just stop caring.
I don't think it was the same ritual, she just got her immortality from the same energy source.
Not all repercussions are legal in nature. It's perfectly legal to cheat on your girlfriend, watch porn featuring men in drag, and have long discussions about the validity of Mein Kampf, but you typically don't want any of those things getting out. US Intelligence Agents can legally communicate, but when those communications are leaked, there are repercussions. Hence TOR.
Alright, if that's the case it sounds like what he wants to do would be particularly difficult. If the website is external, then the only shown IP would be the one of the office. But if he has some good IT people and the people hosting the county website are on board it might be doable.
Hmm... would you be able to access the locked portion while not on the local network? Like from home or the library? How'd you "unlock" it?
What kind of website was it? Was it a city website? Was it on a local network? Was it something like Survey Monkey?
